[Email Security] Get started page (#22322)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/index.mdx

---
title: Get started
pcx_content_type: navigation
sidebar:
  label: Get started
  order: 11
  group:
    label: Setup
---

import { Markdown } from "~/components";

> Before you start the onboarding process, you will have to choose a deployment path. Email Security provides two deployment modes: [post-delivery](/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/) (for API and BCC/Journaling), and [pre-delivery](/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/#pre-delivery-deployment) (for MX/Inline).

Author: Add XYZ at the end of the line.

> Before you start the onboarding process, you will have to choose a deployment path. Email Security provides two deployment modes: [post-delivery](/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/) (for API and BCC/Journaling), and [pre-delivery](/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/#pre-delivery-deployment) (for MX/Inline).

Author: ```suggestion
Before you start the onboarding process, [ADD COMMENT HERE] you will have to choose a deployment path. Email Security provides two deployment modes: [post-delivery](/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/) (for API and BCC/Journaling), and [pre-delivery](/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/#pre-delivery-deployment) (for MX/Inline).
```

## Post-delivery deployment

### How it works

When you choose post-delivery deployment, Cloudflare scans emails **after** they reach a users' inbox.

If you are a Microsoft 365 user, this is done via Microsoft's Graph API or journaling.

If you are a Google Workspace or Microsoft Exchange user, this is done via BCC.

### Why you should consider post-delivery deployment

Post-delivery deployment is time-efficient, because it does not involve MX changes. Post-delivery deployment does not disrupt mail flow. Post-delivery deployment allows you to enable [auto-move events](/cloudflare-one/email-security/auto-moves/) to hard or soft delete messages, and synchronize your [directory](/cloudflare-one/email-security/directories/) when you use Microsoft Graph API or Google Workspace.

:::note
When you choose post-delivery deployment:
- The threat is removed **after** the message has been delivered to the inbox.

> - It requires API scopes, or journaling rule configuration.

Reviewer: We should add that it requires BCC rule configuration as well

- Auto-move is only available in BCC/Journaling if you associate an integration.
:::

## Pre-delivery deployment

### How it works

When you choose pre-delivery deployment, Cloudflare scans emails **before** they reach a users' inbox. The MX record points to Cloudflare.

### Why you should consider pre-delivery deployment

> Pre-delivery deployment provides you with the highest level of protection. It enforces [bannering](/cloudflare-one/email-security/detection-settings/configure-text-add-ons/) or link rewrite at delivery.

Reviewer: I was talking to pete and bannering is an old term that we used in area1 lets swap this to text add ons so we stay consistent with the terms we use in the new dashboard.

Pre-delivery blocks threats in transit, and it adds banners or texts before the user views the email.

:::note
When you choose pre-delivery deployment:
- You must edit MX records or create a connector.
- You can enable auto-move events only once you associate an integration.

> - Cloudflare [egress IPs](/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/pre-delivery-deployment/egress-ips/) are allowed on downstream servers.

Reviewer: we should add "mail" before servers

:::

## Dispositions

> Email traffic that flows through Email Security is given a final disposition, which represents Email Security's evaluation of that specific message. Refer to [Dispositions and attributes](/cloudflare-one/email-security/reference/dispositions-and-attributes/) to learn more.

Reviewer: Could you run this past Todd or scott since they do most of the deployments as SEs?

> Email traffic that flows through Email Security is given a final disposition, which represents Email Security's evaluation of that specific message. Refer to [Dispositions and attributes](/cloudflare-one/email-security/reference/dispositions-and-attributes/) to learn more.

Author: > Could you run this past Todd or scott since they do most of the deployments as SEs?

Test comment

> Email traffic that flows through Email Security is given a final disposition, which represents Email Security's evaluation of that specific message. Refer to [Dispositions and attributes](/cloudflare-one/email-security/reference/dispositions-and-attributes/) to learn more.

Reviewer 2: Sorry for just seeing the @ for me here, Maddy. I agree with you that we can point to the existing content in the docs, where they can read or learn more, if they want to. We could split the difference with an example sentence, so the customer can see what a disposition may look like. "For example, Email Security will give a message with a malicious disposition if it meets X criteria. Refer to [Dispositions and attributes] to learn more." I leave it up to y'all if that would help or if pointing to the disposition would suffice for deeper knowledge dive (if a customer wants it).

Dispositions allow you to configure policies and tune reporting. For example, you can configure a policy to move suspicious emails to your junk folder.

## Impersonation registry

Most [Business email compromise(BEC)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/learning/email-security/business-email-compromise-bec/) targets executives or finance roles. You must add addresses of roles who are likely to be impersonated. Refer to [Impersonation registry](/cloudflare-one/email-security/detection-settings/impersonation-registry/) to learn how to add a user to the impersonation registry.

Roles you may want to include in the impersonation registry are:

- C-suites
- Finance roles
- HR
- IT help-desk.

You should review your impersonation registry on a quarterly basis as roles change.

## Reclassifications

A reclassification is a change to an email's disposition **after** initial scanning. It is Cloudflare's built-in feedback loop for correcting false positives/negatives **and** training the detection models to get smarter over time. 

### Who can reclassify messages

> [Security teams](/cloudflare-one/email-security/email-monitoring/search-email/#team-submissions) and [end users](/cloudflare-one/email-security/email-monitoring/search-email/#user-submissions) can submit a reclassification. Refer to [Reclassify messages](/cloudflare-one/email-security/email-monitoring/search-email/#reclassify-messages) to learn how to reclassify a message.

Reviewer: I think we should still give a high level visual overview of the differences. Could you run this past Todd or Scott please.

Author: Same [comment](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pull/22322/files#r2084384678) applies here.

:::note
When you choose pre-delivery deployment:
- You must edit MX records or create a connector.
- You can enable auto-move events only once you associate an integration.
- Cloudflare [egress IPs](/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/pre-delivery-deployment/egress-ips/) are allowed on downstream mail servers.
:::

## 2. Understand dispositions

Dispositions allow you to configure policies and tune reporting. For example, you can configure a policy to move suspicious emails to your junk folder.

Refer to [Dispositions](/cloudflare-one/email-security/reference/dispositions-and-attributes/#dispositions) to learn more about dispositions.

## 3. Set up the impersonation registry

Most [Business email compromise(BEC)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/learning/email-security/business-email-compromise-bec/) targets executives or finance roles. You must add addresses of roles who are likely to be impersonated. Refer to [Impersonation registry](/cloudflare-one/email-security/detection-settings/impersonation-registry/) to learn how to add a user to the impersonation registry.

Roles you may want to include in the impersonation registry are:

- C-suites
- Finance roles
- HR
- IT help-desk

> 

Reviewer: Recommend adding legal here as per scotts recommendation.

---

> title: Get started

Reviewer 3: You could name this page "Before you begin", since all the actionable instructions are in the next sections.

This would also align with our content strategy, since [Get started pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/style-guide/documentation-content-strategy/content-types/get-started/) are usually around achieving something concrete after following a series of instructions.

:::note
When you choose post-delivery deployment:
- The threat is removed **after** the message has been delivered to the inbox.
- It requires API scopes, or BCC/Journaling rule configuration.
- Auto-move is only available in BCC/Journaling if you associate an integration.
:::

### Pre-delivery deployment

When you choose pre-delivery deployment, Cloudflare scans emails **before** they reach a users' inbox. The MX record points to Cloudflare.

#### Why you should consider pre-delivery deployment

Pre-delivery deployment provides you with the highest level of protection. It enforces [text add-ons](/cloudflare-one/email-security/detection-settings/configure-text-add-ons/) or link rewrite at delivery.

Pre-delivery blocks threats in transit, and it adds banners or texts before the user views the email.

:::note
When you choose pre-delivery deployment:
- You must edit MX records or create a connector.

> - You can enable auto-move events only once you associate an integration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- You can enable auto-move events only after you associate an integration.
```
Nit: I personally think it reads better this way, but feel free to ignore.

- Cloudflare [egress IPs](/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/pre-delivery-deployment/egress-ips/) are allowed on downstream mail servers.
:::

## 2. Understand dispositions

Dispositions allow you to configure policies and tune reporting. For example, you can configure a policy to move suspicious emails to your junk folder.

Refer to [Dispositions](/cloudflare-one/email-security/reference/dispositions-and-attributes/#dispositions) to learn more about dispositions.

## 3. Set up the impersonation registry

> Most [Business email compromise (BEC)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/learning/email-security/business-email-compromise-bec/) targets executives or finance roles. You must add addresses of roles who are likely to be impersonated. Refer to [Impersonation registry](/cloudflare-one/email-security/detection-settings/impersonation-registry/) to learn how to add a user to the impersonation registry.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Most [business email compromise (BEC)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/learning/email-security/business-email-compromise-bec/) targets executives or finance roles. You must add addresses of roles who are likely to be impersonated. Refer to [Impersonation registry](/cloudflare-one/email-security/detection-settings/impersonation-registry/) to learn how to add a user to the impersonation registry.
```

Roles you may want to include in the impersonation registry are:

- C-suites
- Finance roles
- HR
- IT help-desk
- Legal

You should review your impersonation registry on a quarterly basis as roles change.

## 4. Reclassify messages

A reclassification is a change to an email's disposition **after** initial scanning. It is Cloudflare's built-in feedback loop for correcting false positives/negatives **and** training the detection models to get smarter over time. Refer to [Reclassify messages](/cloudflare-one/email-security/email-monitoring/search-email/#reclassify-messages) to learn how to reclassify a message.

### Who can reclassify messages

[Security teams](/cloudflare-one/email-security/email-monitoring/search-email/#team-submissions) and [end users](/cloudflare-one/email-security/email-monitoring/search-email/#user-submissions) can submit a reclassification. 

### Why you should reclassify messages

Reclassifications are critical because:

> - **They help improve model accuracy**: Every validated reclassification teaches Cloudflare's machine learning to recognise new lures, language, infrastructure and benign patterns.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **They help improve model accuracy**: Every validated reclassification teaches Cloudflare's machine learning to recognise new lures, language, infrastructure, and benign patterns.
```

- **They reduce alert fatigue**: Correcting Suspicious or Spam emails that users actually want tailors detections to your organization, cutting noise in the dashboard.
- **They close the remediation loop**: When a disposition is upgraded to Malicious, Cloudflare auto-moves those emails out of every inbox (Graph API or Google Workspace API integrations).
- **They can help you log activity taken on any reclassification**: Each reclassification displays a submission ID, details about original, requested and final dispositions, and more. Refer to [Reclassify messages](/cloudflare-one/email-security/email-monitoring/search-email/#reclassify-messages) to learn more about reclassifications.

To make the most of reclassifications:

1. Review reclassifications on a weekly basis.

> 2. Ensure you have an integration associated with any MX/Inline deployment. When you associate an integration, you will not need to upload the EMLs every time, and we can use APIs to receive a copy of your email messages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Ensure you have an integration associated with any MX/Inline deployment. When you associate an integration, you will not need to upload the EMLs every time; Cloudflare can use APIs to receive a copy of your email messages.
```
